docs: add reference docs for cli (fix #4327) (#4408)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/hasura-cli/reference.rst

Configuration file
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The configuration file, ``config.yaml`` format:

.. code-block:: none

  version: 
  endpoint: 
  admin_secret:
  access_key: #deprecated
  api_paths:
    query: 
    graphql: 
    config: 
    pg_dump: 
    version: 
  metadata_directory:
  migrations_directory: 
  actions:
    kind: 
    handler_webhook_baseurl: 
    codegen:
      framework:
      output_dir:
      uri:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Config Key
     - Required
     - Supported since Config Version
     - Default value
   * - version
     - false
     - 1
     - 2
   * - endpoint
     - true
     - 1
     - http://localhost:8080
   * - admin_secret
     - false
     - 1
     -
   * - access_key
     - false
     - 1 (Deprecated)
     - 
   * - api_paths
     - false
     - 1
     -
   * - api_paths.query
     - false
     - 1
     - v1/query 
   * - api_paths.graphql
     - false
     - 1
     - v1/graphql
   * - api_paths.config
     - false
     - 1
     - v1alpha1/config
   * - api_paths.pg_dump
     - false
     - 1
     - v1alpha1/pg_dump
   * - api_paths.version
     - false
     - 1
     - v1/version
   * - metadata_directory
     - false

>      - 1

Reviewer: metadata_directory is supported from `v2` config

     - 
   * - migrations_directory
     - false

>      - 2

Reviewer: migrations_directory is supported from `v1` config

   * - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_METADATA_DIRECTORY``
     - ``metadata_directory``
     - Defines the directory where the metadata files were stored.

   * - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_MIGRATIONS_DIRECTORY``
     - ``migrations_directory``
     - Defines the directory where the migration files were stored.

   * - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ACTIONS_KIND``
     - ``actions.kind``
     - Kind to be used for actions.

   * - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ACTIONS_HANDLER_WEBHOOK_BASEURL``
     - ``actions.handler_webhook_baseurl``
     - Webhook baseurl to be used for actions. 
   
   * - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ACTIONS_CODEGEN_FRAMEWORK``
     - ``actions.codegen.framework``
     - Framework to codegen for actions.
     
   * - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ACTION_CODEGEN_OUTPUT_DIR``
     - ``actions.codegen.output_dir``
     - Defines the directory to create the codegen files.

   * - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ACTION_CODEGEN_URI``
     - ``actions.codegen.uri``
     - URI to codegen for actions.

CLI flags
^^^^^^^^^

The above keys can be set using command-line flags as well. The corresponding flag, 
for the ENV vars or the configuration keys, can be found in the respective commands 
reference manual. 

.env file
^^^^^^^^^

> Alternatively, environment variables can also be read from .env file, created manually 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, environment variables can also be read from the ``.env`` file, created manually 
```

> by the user, at the project root directory. A global flag, ``--envfile``, is added to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by the user, at the project root directory. A global flag, ``--envfile``, is available to 
```

> explicitly get the .env filename from users, which defaults to ``.env`` filename if 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
explicitly get the ``.env`` file created by the user, which defaults to ``.env`` if 
```

no flag is provided. 

It's important to note that this will not override an ENV variable that already exists.

Example:

::

  hasura console --envfile production.env

> The above command will read ENV vars from ``production.env`` file present at the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above command will read ENV vars from the ``production.env`` file present at the 
```

.. meta::
   :description: Haura GarphQL CLI configuration reference 
   :keywords: hasura, docs, CLI, flags, config 

Hasura CLI configuration reference 
==================================

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

Hasura CLI commands get key values from flags, ENV variables, ``.env`` file and configuration file ``config.yaml``. 

Configuration file format
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The configuration file, ``config.yaml`` format with default values is given below.

.. code-block:: none

  version: 1
  endpoint: http://localhost:8080

>   admin_secret:

Reviewer: Can we also add if a field is optional and the config version from which it is supported?

Author: Included a table for the above, similar to [this](https://hasura.io/docs/1.0/graphql/manual/api-reference/schema-metadata-api/index.html#query).

  actions:
    kind: synchronous
    handler_webhook_baseurl: http://localhost:3000
    codegen:
      framework:
      output_dir:
      uri:

CLI command flags and environment variables
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 10 20 10 25

   * - Flag 
     - ENV variable
     - Configuration file key
     - Description
    
   * - ``--endpoint``
     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ENDPOINT``
     - ``endpoint``
     - http(s) endpoint for Hasura GraphQL Engine.

   * - ``--admin-secret``
     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ADMIN_SECRET``
     - ``admin_secret``  
     - Admin secret for Hasura GraphQL Engine. 

   * - ``--access-key``
     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ACCESS_KEY``
     - ``access_key``
     - Access key for Hasura GraphQL Engine. Note: Deprecated. Use admin 
       secret instead. 

   * - ``--kind``
     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ACTIONS_KIND``
     - ``kind``
     - Kind to use in action. Used in ``hasura actions create`` command. 

   * - ``--webhook``
     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ACTIONS_HANDLER_WEBHOOK_BASEURL``
     - ``handler_webhook_baseurl``
     - Webhook to use in action. Used in ``hasura actions create`` command.

> 

Reviewer: All the configuration fields can be accessed via env.

Example:
`migrations_directory` can be accessed using `HASURA_GRAPHQL_MIGRATIONS_DIRECTORY`

It would be better if we can mention all the env variables that can be used with CLI.

Author: I included all the ENV vars and removed the flags column as the flag name changes based on the command. eg - `actions.kind` has the flag `--action-kind` for `hasura init` command and `--kind` for `hasura actions create`.

Reviewer: @shahidhk Is it okay to have two different flags for action kind? or shall we update `actions create --kind` to `hasura actions create --action-kind`?

Reviewer 3: `init` command should not be taking the actions kind flag. It should only take endpoint and admin secret. Everything else can be added after init.
